Update ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md (#8108)
mautic/mautic: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

[//]: # (READ THIS BEFORE PUBLISHING YOUR ISSUE)

[//]: # (Please post questions, support requests and feature requests/ideas at https://forum.mautic.org.)
[//]: # (Strictly follow the instruction hereunder, otherwise your issue will be close for lack of information.)
[//]: # (DO NOT report security vulnerabilities here. Send them to security@mautic.com.)

Detail your bug report:

| Q  | A
| ---| ---
| Confirm it is a Bug report |
| Mautic version | 
| PHP version | 

> [//]: # (Feature request? ---> Go to forum please ---> https://forum.mautic.org.)

Reviewer: I would maybe direct them specifically to the features category https://forum.mautic.org/c/ideas

[//]: # (Enhancement? ---> Go to forum please ---> https://forum.mautic.org.)

> 

Reviewer: I'd maybe add a line for support, going to https://forum.mautic.org/c/support

[//]: # (READ THIS BEFORE PUBLISHING YOUR ISSUE)

[//]: # (Please post questions, support requests and feature requests/ideas at https://forum.mautic.org.)

> [//]: # (Strictly follow the instruction hereunder, otherwise your issue will be close for lack of information.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[//]: # (Strictly follow the instructions hereunder, otherwise your issue will be closed for lack of information.)
```
I'm not sure as I'm not an English man but this seem better. @RCheesley ?

Reviewer: Hah, yes good catch, indeed that's much better!
